hi
hey here for cherry no thanks yeah you
know I can tie one of these into a knot
using just my tongue
okay all right someone give me a hand
with this yeah you've changed yeah I
decided I needed my lucky dress and
lucky means more cleavage those for me
[Music]
oh look at me so cute what a go over
there grab him and kiss him how could it
kiss him without letting him know that I
like him
oh wait I know how you can get him take
off your bra what there was a scene in
Footloose flesh then yeah yeah yeah
without that plumber girl you're the
welder what we like in the movie Oh
anyway she takes off her bra under the
shirt and pulls it out the sleeve very
sexy and classy or if you want to kiss
him on people to use mistletoe oh it's
not Christmas or spin the bottle daddy's
not 11 thank you so much for this it was
really thankful oh yay
you're believing yes we have something
we have to get to oh yeah I think I'm
gonna take off too much no you guys you
can't leave yet you have to stay we
we've got the whole big thing planned
what big thing so spin the bottle works
like this I spin the bottle lands on
Gunther so I would have to kiss Gunther
all right who wants to go first okay
okay welcome to America
[Applause]
chill under yo you gotta use your
tongues now
okay that's enough
you know like let's let someone else
play if you didn't want to play them
why'd you come to the party
oh my god the baby just kicked Oh
amazing ones okay again
all right everybody just remember where
they were sitting
ready okay
[Applause]
okay a cheerleader tada supposed to
choose something she I've a dentist
excuse me okay what you know what we do
now
I think you're done okay time to take
off the bra uh that was really great but
I got to take off actually today all
right come on let's go get your coat
rachel is my girlfriend